# Summer 2019 Web Design at RISD — Assignment 3

* **Do not edit this file.**  
* **Do not start this project until you have read these instructions carefully.**

## Instructions
Your task is to create a web site of Dieter Rams’s ten principles for good design. All ten are included in the accompanying file `ten-principles-for-good-design.txt`. You can create a single page site containing all ten rules, or a single site consisting of ten pages.

Your project must consist of the contents in the file `ten-principles-for-good-design.txt` and a navigation system, at the very least. Including open source images is encouraged.

## Before You Begin
1. Log in to GitHub.
2. Fork this repo(sitory). See [this video](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/git/github/forking-and-cloning-at-the-github-web-site/) on how to carry out this step and step `3`.
3. Clone your fork, using either the web site or the GitHub Desktop client.
4. Checkout your personalized branch, the one with your name and GitHub user handle.

## Project Scaffold
This repo contains a folder called `site`, which, in turn, contains some starter files for this project. (See the **File List** section below.) Before you start, replace `PUT YOUR NAME HERE` in the `title` element of `index.html` with your name, and replace `PUT YOUR GIHUB USERNAME HERE` with your GitHub username.

### File List
1. `README.md`
2. `ten-principles-for-good-design.txt`
3. `site/css/reset.css`
4. `site/css/style.css`
5. `site/index.html`
6. `site/img/`

## The Rules
* Only submit files that are required by your project: Do not submit working files, such as `.psd`, `.ai`, `.indd`, or `.sketch` files.
* Use lowercase, combined with kebab case, to name folders and files (`do-this` or `do-this.html`); no spaces in folder or file names (`not this`); no camel case (`notThis`); no snake case (`not_this`).
* Do not alter or remove the `reset.css` file in the `css` folder.
* Do not alter or remove any of the `.gitignore` files.
* You must use at most two typefaces. Look to [`https://fonts.google.com/`](https://fonts.google.com/) for ideas.
* You must use at most two colors, in addition to a neutral. Look to [`https://color.adobe.com/`](https://color.adobe.com/) for ideas.
* Your site’s UI must be logical, clear, and easy to use.
* All your HTML files must go in the root of the `site` folder, with the `index.html` file acting as the sprinboard file for your site.
* All your CSS must be placed in the `css` folder.
* Any images you might use must be placed in the `img` folder.

## Validate
Make sure Atom continually reports `No errors were found!` in the lower left hand corner as you work on your HTML and CSS. Solve validation issues as you work — don’t let them accumulate.

## Due
9:00 AM on Monday, 15 July 2019.

## Submission
You will need to issue a pull request back into the original repo, the one from which your fork was created. See the **Issuing Pull Requests** section of [this site](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/git/github/index.html) for help on how to submit your assignment.

**Note**: This assignment may *only* be submitted via GitHub. **No other form of submission will be accepted**.
